AW, COME ON, WHAT GIVES?
WE WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF
WATCHING MAYBE THE MOST
IMPORTANT DUEL EVER,
AND YOU JUST STOP WORKING?
YOU CALL YOURSELF
A TELEVISION?
COME ON, WORK, ALREADY,
PUH-LEASE!
MAN, WHAT A PIECE
OF JUNK.
WELL, WE DID
FIND THE THING
LYING AROUND
IN THIS JUNKYARD.
A-HA! IT'S BACK!
Announcer: AND IT'S OFFICIAL!
WE HAVE A NEW CHAMPION!
THE CROWN HAS BEEN PASSED ON TO
YUSEI FUDO!
Tank: YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDIN' ME!
WE MISSED THE ENDING
OF THE DUEL!?
Blitz: AW, MAN!
AM I HEARING WHAT I
THINK I'M HEARING?
THEY'RE ALL CHANTING
YUSEI'S NAME.
SO THIS MEANS
THAT HE...
HE BEAT JACK?...
OH, YEAH! SWEET!
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKIN' ABOUT,
BABY!
WOOO-HOO!!
THIS IS AWESOME!
Man:
I'M HERE LIVE IN DOMINO STADIUM,
WHERE, FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN DUELING HISTORY,
A RESIDENT OF
THE SATELLITE SECTOR
HAS WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
UH, I'M STANDING
IN DOMINO STADIUM
IN DOMINO CITY.
UH, I MEAN, OBVIOUSLY
DOMINO STADIUM
IS IN DOMINO CITY.
AAH!
READY?
ANGELA RAINES HERE,
REPORTING FOR WZDC
AT THE FORTUNE CUP
FINALE,
WHERE FUSEI YUDO
HAS STOLEN
JACK ATLAS'S
CHAMPIONSHIP CROWN.
HEY, ANGELA,
ONE JOURNALIST
TO ANOTHER,
HIS NAME'S NOT
FUSEI YUDO.
IT'S YUSEI FUDO.
I HATE TO BREAK IT
TO YA', CARLY,
BUT A BLOGGER
IS NOT A JOURNALIST.
[GROANS]
SO TELL ME,
HOW MANY HITS A DAY
IS THAT LITTLE WEBSITE
OF YOURS GETTING?
THOUSANDS OF MILLIONS.
I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT.
WELL, CARLY,
I'D LOVE TO TALK DOWN
TO YOU SOME MORE,
BUT I DID ENOUGH
OF THAT IN HIGH SCHOOL!
SEE YA! I GOT AN
INTERVIEW TO SCORE.
HEY!
[CROWD CHANTING "YUSEI!"]
[THINKING]
I MAY HAVE BEATEN JACK,
BUT I'VE GOT A FEELING THAT
A NEW BATTLE IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
DON'T WORRY, MR. ATLAS
IS GONNA BE FINE.
WE JUST NEED
TO GET HIM TO THE CLINIC
FOR SOME ROUTINE TESTS.
OH, AND CONGRATULATIONS, KID.
[THINKING]
JACK, WHAT DID WE SEE
IN THAT LIGHT?
Man: HEY, SATELLITE!
HOW'D YOU DO IT?!
Second man:
WE KNOW YOU CHEATED,
PAL!
Third man: YOU THINK
YOU'RE ONE OF US?
WELL YOU'RE NOT!
Other man:
GET OUT OF HERE, PUNK!
ENJOY IT WHILE IT LASTS,
YOU LOSER!
Leo: YUSEI!
Yusei: HEY, GUYS!
EVERYONE OK?
WE'RE FINE,
BUT YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FACE A BRAND-NEW
ENEMY.
THE MEDIA!!
UH, YUSEI,
OVER HERE!
COULD YOU POSE
FOR A PICTURE?
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS
NOW THAT YOU'VE WON?
Leo: THEY'RE LOOSE!
AAH!
BETTER REV IT UP.
COMING.
[REPORTERS SHOUTING]
YUSEI'S RUNNING AWAY!
IS THAT OK?
BUT WHAT EVEN HAPPENED
AT THE END OF THAT DUEL?
WHAT WAS THAT STRANGE
LIGHT ALL ABOUT?
DOES IT CHANGE ANYTHING?
IS IT OK THAT JACK LOST?
WHO WON AND WHO LOST
IS NOT IMPORTANT.
EH?
WHAT'S IMPORTANT IS
THAT THE STARS
HAVE FINALLY
BEGUN TO ALIGN.
SOON,
THEY WILL BECOME ONE.
THAT'S THE ONLY THING
THAT MATTERS RIGHT NOW.
HUH?
I COULDA SWORN
THEY WENT
THIS WAY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, THIS IS A DEAD END.
COME ON, BOYS, LET'S GO
FIND GOODWIN.
Dexter: WHERE ARE WE?
Tanner:
THIS IS AN ABANDONED
SERVICE TUNNEL.
COOL. HEY TANNER,
HOW'D YOU KNOW
THIS WAS DOWN HERE?
A GUY LIKE ME
KNOWS THESE THINGS.
THAT, AND BLISTER TOLD ME.
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU
IN THAT LIGHT,
BUT I'M
JUST THRILLED
THAT YOU
WON THE TOURNAMENT!
I KNEW YOU COULD
DO IT, YUSEI!
YOU'RE THE BEST
DUELIST I'VE EVER SEEN!
YOU'RE, LIKE, MY HERO!
FORGET THE TOURNAMENT.
THE WHOLE THING
WAS A SETUP ON GOODWIN'S PART.
LET'S NOT FORGET,
THE ONLY REASON YUSEI
AGREED TO DUEL
WAS 'CAUSE GOODWIN
CAPTURED HIS FRIENDS.
HMM.
UNTIL WE FIGURE OUT
WHAT THE WHOLE STORY IS,
WE SHOULD LAY LOW
AT BLISTER'S HIDEOUT.
LEO AND LUNA,
YOU SHOULD PROB'LY
COME AND STAY
WITH US, TOO.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
AWESOME!
IT'LL BE LIKE
SLEEP-AWAY CAMP,
ONLY EVEN BETTER!
YUSEI,
I DON'T KNOW HOW,
BUT I WAS ABLE TO SEE
INSIDE THAT WEIRD LIGHT.
I SAW YOU GUYS DUELING,
AND...
HUH?
I SAW THE SATELLITE
BEING DESTROYED.
THAT WAS THE FUTURE,
WASN'T IT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
BUT IF THAT WAS
SOME KIND OF VISION
OF THE FUTURE,
THEN WE HAVE TO STOP IT
FROM HAPPENING.
HMM.
WHAT IS A SIGNER?
ALLOW ME, LUNA!
I CAN TELL YOU
EVERYTHING THERE
IS TO KNOW!
BUT BEFORE I EXPLAIN
WHAT A SIGNER IS,
I'LL HAVE TO
GIVE YOU SOME BACKSTORY
BY THRILLING YOU
WITH TALES
OF MY NUMEROUS
ARCHEOLOGICAL ADVENTURES
AROUND THE WORLD!
UM, OK.
[THINKING]
THAT SPIDER.
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT IT IS BEFORE
IT'S TOO LATE.
[CROWD MURMURING AND CHEERING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
THAT'S RIGHT, TED,
WE'RE WAITING
OUTSIDE OF DIRECTOR
GOODWIN'S TOWER
RIGHT NOW.
[SIGH] I'M GETTING
ALL NERVOUS AND STUFF.
WHAT KIND OF QUESTION
SHOULD I ASK GOODWIN?
AH! I'LL CONSULT MY
FORTUNETELLING DECK.
THAT OUGHTA GIVE ME
SOME KIND OF CLUE.
OK, SO TODAY IS ALL ABOUT
BEING SUPER HAPPY!
SO IF YOU'RE ANXIOUS ABOUT
SOMETHING, DON'T BE.
JUST KEEP MOVING FORWARD,
AND EVERYTHING
WILL BE FINE.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW!
[REPORTERS TALKING AT ONCE]
OK, PEOPLE, COME ON,
STEP BACK!
Man: WHAT HAPPENED
INSIDE THAT LIGHT?
A LOT OF FANS
ARE QUESTIONING
THE LEGITIMACY OF
YUSEI'S VICTORY
SINCE THEY DIDN'T SEE
THE FINAL MOVE BEING PLAYED.
HERE'S WHAT I CAN TELL YOU.
DURING THE FINAL DUEL,
OUR HOLOGRAPHIC SYSTEM
EXPERIENCED A HICCUP OF SORTS,
MAKING IT SO THAT WE COULDN'T
DISPLAY THE VISUALS.
HOWEVER, WE CAN CONFIRM
THAT YUSEI WAS, IN FACT,
THE VICTOR.
ALL OTHER DETAILS WILL BE
RELEASED IN THE COMING DAYS.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL US
ABOUT THE NEW CHAMPION?
WHO IS HE?
WHAT'S HIS STORY?
WHERE'S HE GET HIS CLOTHES?
YOU'LL HAVE TO ASK YUSEI
YOURSELF.
WE DON'T REALLY KNOW
THAT MUCH ABOUT HIM.
HERE GOES NOTHING.
EXCUSE ME, PARDON ME,
DON'T MIND ME, SORRY.
JUST GONNA SQUEEZE
ON THROUGH HERE.
MR. GOODWIN?
I WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF
ASKING A QUESTION!
WHEN... WHEN THAT
GIANT DRAGON APPEARED
DURING THE FINAL DUEL,
IT... IT LOOKED LIKE
YUSEI'S ARM WAS
GLOWING OR SOMETHING.
DID THAT GLOW
ON HIS ARM
HMM.
HIS ARM WAS GLOWING,
YOU SAY?
I'M AFRAID
I DIDN'T SEE THAT.
PERHAPS THE SHEEN
OF HIS RUNNER
WAS REFLECTING
THE SUNLIGHT
INTO YOUR EYES.
NO, IT WAS KIND OF... AAH!
WHY ARE YOU ASKING
IRRELEVANT QUESTIONS!?
I SAW SOMETHING, AND...
WE'LL BE RELEASING
AN OFFICIAL STATEMENT
CONCERNING THE DUEL
LATER ON.
RIGHT NOW,
DIRECTOR GOODWIN
HAS MATTERS TO ATTEND TO,
SO PLEASE,
LET US THROUGH.
BUT?! I HAVE
MORE QUESTIONS!
COME ON, PEOPLE,
MOVE TO THE SIDE
AND MAKE ROOM
FOR THE DIRECTOR.
[REPORTERS TALKING AT ONCE]
DIRECTOR GOODWIN!
GREAT.
LOOKS LIKE WE'VE GOT
NOTHIN' JUICY
FOR THE 6:00 SLOT.
WELL, THERE'S STILL
JACK ATLAS.
OH, RIGHT, HIM!
BEAT YA' THERE!
HMM?
HEY!
WAIT FOR US!
GOODWIN DODGED MY QUESTION!
THAT MEANS I'M ON TO SOMETHING!
BETTER NOT LET IT
SLIP THROUGH THE CRA...
AAACKS!
Car: AUTOPILOT ACTIVATED.
[BEEPING]
CARLY, WHERE ARE YOU!?
I SENT YOU OUT FOR COFFEE
TWO HOURS AGO!
SORRY, BUT SOMETHING
IMPORTANT CAME UP!
WHAT COULD BE MORE
IMPORTANT THAN
MY CAFFEINE FIX?
WELL, SIR,
I FOUND A BIG SCOOP.
INTERNS DON'T LOOK
FOR SCOOPS!
THEY MAKE COPIES
AND FETCH COFFEE!
DON'T BOTHER COMIN' BACK TO
THE OFFICE, KID, YOU'RE FIRED.
FIRED?
BUT I'M NOT EVEN PAID.
JUST GIMME A CHANCE,
MR. PITS!
THIS STORY I'M CHASING
IS HUGE!
YEAH? WHAT IS IT?
A CONSPIRACY
AT THE FORTUNE CUP!
THIS ONE MIGHT LEAD
ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP.
ARE YOU TALKIN' ABOUT
GOODWIN? NEVER LIKED THE GUY.
BRING BACK SOME DIRT ON HIM,
AND YOU MIGHT STILL HAVE A JOB
WAITIN' FOR YA.
I'M ON IT, MR. PITS!
[SIGH]
TIME TO SEE IF I SAW
WHAT I THOUGHT I SAW.
PLEASE BE THERE,
PLEASE BE THERE.
[GASP]
THERE IT IS! YUSEI'S ARM IS
DEFINITELY GLOWING!
GOODWIN TRIED TO FEED ME THAT
SHEEN AND SUNLIGHT BIT,
BUT HE'S DEFINITELY COVERING
SOMETHING UP,
AND I'M GONNA FIGURE OUT
WHAT IT IS.
CARLY CARMINE IS GONNA CRACK
THIS CASE WIDE OPEN!
HEH HEH HEH!
HUH?
DUEL DISK SIGNALS DETECTED.
IN 15 YARDS, TURN LEFT.
[THINKING]
I'VE SPENT THE LAST 5
YEARS OF MY LIFE
BLOGGING ABOUT
STREET DUELS.
ANGELA'S BECOME A REAL
REPORTER FOR THE BIGGEST
STATION IN NEW DOMINO CITY.
MEANWHILE, I'M LIVING OUT
OF MY CAR.
BUT THAT'S OVER!
I'M GONNA GET TO THE BOTTOM OF
THIS STORY,
AND THEN MR. PITS IS GONNA
MAKE ME A FRONT-PAGE REPORTER.
LOOK OUT, WORLD! CARLY CARMINE
IS COMIN' AT YA' FULL SPEED!
HUH? WHA?
[POPPING]
OHH! THAT IS,
ONCE I FILL UP MY TANK.
SO GOODWIN HAS ASSEMBLED
HIS PRECIOUS SIGNERS
AND SUMMONED
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
[CHUCKLE]
I THINK IT'S TIME WE MAKE
OUR PRESENCE KNOWN.
WE MUST LOWER THE CURTAIN
OF SHADOWS ON DOMINO CITY.
LIKE THE GREAT BARD SAID -
"WHAT A TANGLED WEB WE WEAVE
WHEN FIRST WE PRACTICE
TO DECEIVE..."
HA HA HA!
THE DAWN OF THE SPIDER
HAS COME.
AND SOON IT SHALL CLOAK
THIS WORLD IN DARKNESS.
[CHUCKLING]
[YANAGI HUMMING]
NOW, BEAR IN MIND THAT
I'M NOT AN ARTIST,
AND I ONLY SAW IT THE ONE TIME,
BUT THE DRAGON SEAL
LOOKS SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
OH!
THAT'S THE DRAGON'S
HEAD.
WHAT...
WHAT IS IT? WHAT
ABOUT THE HEAD?
LOOK.
[ALL GASP]
OH!
THAT LOOKS
JUST LIKE IT.
HEY, LUNA, LET'S
SEE YOUR MARK.
OH.
Leo: SO LUNA'S MARK
LOOKS LIKE THE CLAW THINGY.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
ACCORDING TO LEGEND,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S HEAD..
WINGS..HANDS..LEGS..AND TAIL...
WERE SPLIT INTO 5 PARTS
AND THEN SEALED AWAY AS MARKS
ON THE ORIGINAL SIGNERS.
THE MARKS WERE THEN PASSED DOWN
THROUGH THE GENERATIONS.
BUT RIGHT NOW,
WE ONLY KNOW
ABOUT 4 SIGNERS.
SO HOW WAS
THE CRIMSON DRAGON SUMMONED
IF ONLY 4 OF THEM
WERE GATHERED?
I GUESS THE FIFTH SIGNER
MUST HAVE BEEN
SOMEWHERE IN THAT ARENA.
Leo: SO LUNA'S A SIGNER.
JACK'S A SIGNER.
AKIZA'S A SIGNER.
AND YUSEI'S A SIGNER.
SO WHO'S THE OTHER ONE?
MAYBE IT'S ME,
MAYBE I HAVE A MARK
SOMEWHERE! OH!
OHH.
EH?
WHOA THERE. WHOA!
IS SHE OK?
LUNA!
LUNA, WHAT'S WRONG?
IT'S NOTHING, I'M...
I'M JUST A LITTLE TIRED
OR SOMETHING.
WELL, THAT'S UNDERSTANDABLE.
WE'VE ALL HAD A CRAZY
COUPLE OF DAYS.
LET'S TRY
TO GET SOME REST.
OHH.
[THINKING]
MR. ATLAS. I HOPE YOU'RE
GOING TO BE ALL RIGHT.
[SIGH]
Reporter: NO DICE.
THEY'RE NOT LETTING
ANYONE IN.
MAYBE WE CAN
CLIMB THE BUILDING
AND SNEAK IN
THROUGH A WINDOW.
I'M WAITING RIGHT HERE
TILL HE COMES OUT.
HERE'S MY CHANCE TO GET AHEAD
OF THESE JERKS.
HMM!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
HAS COME TO DOMINO CITY!
IT HAS COME TO SPREAD
DESPAIR AND OPPRESS US ALL!
THE PEOPLE OF
NEW DOMINO CITY MUST
TAKE A STAND TOGETHER!
THE DRAGON WILL TRY
TO TEMPT YOU WITH PROMISES
OF FAME AND FORTUNE!
IGNORE ITS WHISPER AND FOLLOW US
DOWN THE VIRTUOUS PATH!
ONLY BY DENYING
THE DRAGON'S CALL
CAN WE TRULY BE FREE!
THE TIME HAS COME.
[GROAN]
[SNORING]
UNH!
OH!
[THINKING] MY MARK'S NEVER FELT
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
IT FEELS LIKE IT'S
TRYING TO WARN ME OF SOMETHING,
LIKE THERE'S A DARKNESS OR EVIL
LURKING.
HUH?
WHO IS THAT?!
MAYBE IT'S THE FIFTH SIGNER!
HEY, YOU!
HEY!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
WHERE'S HE GOING?
HEY, STOP RUNNING!
HEY!
HMM.
HUH?
YOU SHOULDN'T SNEAK UP
ON PEOPLE LIKE THAT.
HEH HEH HEH!
WHO ARE YOU?
I SAW THE GLOW
ON YOUR ARM.
ARE YOU THE FIFTH
SIGNER?
I AM A SHADOW DRONE,
AND IF YOU SEEK THE TRUTH,
THEN MY MASTER SAYS
YOU MUST DUEL ME FOR IT.
WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED?
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY,
YOU GOT YOURSELF A DUEL.
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
WHO ARE YOU,
AND WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU AND I HAVE BEEN
OFFERED UP BY THE LIGHT
AND PLACED INSIDE
THE ENERGY RING
OF THE ETERNAL SHADOW.
I'M AFRAID THERE'S
NO TURNING BACK NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'LL SEE.
I SUMMON BLIZZARD LIZARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YOUR MOVE.
DUEL DISK SIGNALS
DETECTED.
HMM?
THOSE NUMBERS
CAN'T BE RIGHT.
READINGS DON'T
GET THAT STRONG.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
WHAT WAS THAT LIGHT DOWN THERE?
MAYBE IT'S THE SHEEN
FROM YUSEI'S RUNNER AGAIN.
OK, MR. CLOAK AND DAGGER,
I'M ACTIVATING
THE TUNING SPELL CARD!
WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN ADD
ONE TUNER MONSTER
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND
AS LONG AS I GET RID
OF THE SAME NUMBER
OF CARDS
AS THAT MONSTER'S LEVEL.
AND SINCE JUNK SYNCHRON
IS A LEVEL 3,
I'M SENDING 3 CARDS
FROM MY DECK
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
NEXT I SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON
TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
BUT THAT'S
JUST THE BEGINNING!
WHEN JUNK SYNCHRON IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN THEN SUMMON OUT
A LEVEL 2 MONSTER
TO KEEP IT COMPANY.
I CALL OUT SPEED WARRIOR!
AND NOW, WITH
BOTH OF THEM
ON THE FIELD,
JUNK SYNCHRON
CAN GIVE SPEED WARRIOR
A TUNE-UP!
NOW, JUNK WARRIOR,
LET'S REV IT UP!
JUNK WARRIOR,
GIVE THAT BLIZZARD LIZARD
A WARM SATELLITE WELCOME!
GO, SCRAP FIST!
NOT SO FAST!
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
BLIZZARD LIZARD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY IS GOING ON.
WHEN THIS CARD IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
YOU GET HIT FOR 300 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING.
AKIZA USES A SIMILAR
POWER WHEN SHE DUELS.
BUT THIS GUY'S
DIFFERENT SOMEHOW.
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DID MY ATTACK
CREATE REAL DAMAGE?
IS THAT WHAT THIS
ENERGY RING IS ABOUT?
IT MAKES
BATTLE DAMAGE REAL?
[LAUGHING]
OH, OK, CHUCKLES,
I GET IT,
YOU'RE GONNA BE
LIKE THAT.
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
I DRAW.
FIRST, I'M ACTIVATING
THE CALL OF THE HAUNTED
TRAP CARD.
THIS CARD LETS ME SELECT
ONE MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND SUMMON IT
INTO ATTACK MODE!
SO I'M BRINGING BACK
BLIZZARD LIZARD.
WITH THAT DONE,
I ACTIVATE THE
ICE MIRROR SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND.
Computer: ICE MIRROR
IS A SPELL CARD
THAT LETS YOU SELECT A WATER
ATTRIBUTE MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
AND THEN SUMMON THE SAME MONSTER
FROM YOUR DECK.
SO WITH THE POWER
OF THIS CARD,
I'M BRINGING OUT
ANOTHER BLIZZARD LIZARD
TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND NOW I'LL PLAY THIS.
ANOTHER
ICE MIRROR SPELL?!
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND WITH IT,
I SUMMON OUT A THIRD
BLIZZARD LIZARD.
DOESN'T THIS GUY KNOW
THAT 3'S A CROWD?
WELL, THEN, HOW ABOUT I
RELEASE TWO OF THEM
TO MAKE SOME ROOM
FOR MY LEVEL 8 DARK TUNER
CATASTROGUE!
A DARK TUNER?
YES!
NOW,
DARK TUNER CATASTROGUE,
USE YOUR POWER
TO EXTINGUISH THE LIGHT
BY ABSORBING THE ENERGY
OF BLIZZARD LIZARD.
LET THE DARK SHADOWS RISE!
HEH HEH HEH!
THE SHADOWS WIELD A POWER
LIKE NOTHING
YOU'VE EVER SEEN!
THE STARS JUST TURNED DARK.
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
THE LIGHT
IS BEING CONSUMED
BY THE SHADOWS.
WHEREAS YOU COMBINE
YOUR MONSTERS
TO MAKE THEM
MORE POWERFUL,
MY MONSTERS FEED OFF
ONE ANOTHER
AND ABSORB EACH OTHER
TO CREATE NEGATIVE ENERGY.
I THOUGHT
NEGATIVE ENERGY
WAS ONLY A THEORY.
THINK AGAIN, YUSEI.
NEGATIVE ENERGY
IS VERY REAL.
THE MONSTER I'M SUMMONING
IS A NEGATIVE LEVEL 5!
HUH! NO WAY!
WHEN THE SHADOWS
ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
COME FORTH,
FROZEN FITZGERALD!
[ROARING]
A DARK SYNCHRO SUMMON.
HOW DO I BATTLE THAT?
[GRUNTS]
[THINKING]
SOON, THE WHOLE WORLD WILL KNOW
WHAT GOODWIN'S TRYING TO HIDE.
[LAUGHING]
[THINKING]
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT
HOW TO BEAT THIS
SHADOW DRONE,
OR I'LL NEVER
FIND OUT THE TRUTH.